before Gordon can solve the chef crisis
he has to light a fire under Peter so
this exercise is a way that you let go
release and let go yes you need her
right now release the tension okay good
get in the [ __ ] ring you ready tell
me I'm standing here like that I'm there
one two back when you release that third
one one two boom back you shout the
scream one two ah come on you sucker
[ __ ] yeah ah yeah I'm not hearing
anything sorry you still holding it in
let's go now can feel it yeah boss come
on come on
I know what's happened by the last year
for punchy to be stronger and stronger
because I realize how much of an ass I
would be wont wife you've been honest
for me uh I kind of lied to you
I knew my kitchen was dirty I did what
I've been doing my whole life keeping
the peace and keeping myself down you've
got no reason to keep yourself down Pete
well my father never gave me a
compliment told me I sucked never could
do nothing with my life he's a great
worker yeah but didn't give a [ __ ] about
his own son who cared about him well I'd
let it destroy me he died before I could
prove him wrong you're doing that now
proving [ __ ] wrong you're right let's
go I blamed my father for my failures
and it was myself
can't blame him no more come on come on
proven wrong
finally how do we get this gym in the
restaurant